consider is, look here these holes
knowledge of the zodiac where there is no one I do not need
note that s80 from '81 began in '81
form when all the planets
hard starting we gathered here at the top
Like this and this parade lasted until 96 until 96
1800 1981
divina
this is the sixth year a whole generation of children
born on this parade of planets and those children
who were born in autumn and winter and
in the fall in the winter they have here at the beginning of the journey
up to 42 years old then 49 years old and then even
until 50 6 years there is no planet there is no
one planet
feet in the horoscope why exactly this
a generation of children no need to mention that
if the child was born in spring or summer, then
spring was born
the sun is here yes and I am always the sun
mercury and venus next to them something
there is something busy but all autumn lands
children
autumn-winter children are empty to 42
then 49 is that is here it is 8 third
the year has entered a scorpion sign
scorpion and already up to 49
from 83 years old children from them to 40 to 49 years
two planets no why exactly this
a generation of children was on the street
cellars loft runs away from home why
they filled orphanages in prisons
juvenile colonies
why they commit suicide
drugs go away and so on like me he
spoke lacquer at me no one loves i
nobody needs me nobody understands
there they even create conditions for them
orphanage there everything is running away behind
equals not that is so we
we can understand why it is so wise
olds as it is demanding to
their families do not have it because of the fact
what is their vacuum horoscope
and as I said in a vacuum you can
only rely on yourself only
I know it myself I want it I love it
I know and that is why it is for these children
need to build a soul formula
to understand what planet is
what center does she have which planets in
churches on what can be developed to
he was like he found himself and lived in his hole
without making any other demands
although they will still be betrayal
you are looking
Especially here is the same period I will show you
more twins 14 to 21 honest here
no planet has a child
and you need to choose a profession in the body and
there is outside there, but there is no here
necessarily need the formula of the soul to his
guide the child where is your place
soul formula it will show but when there is no
the child starts to rush about and the lady from where
all or where more profitable or spite
parents and anything else will feel
can not
that's why i say 14 to 14 you
This formula tell parents
this child
because up to 14 you can still manage
and something to vaccinate the child before after 14
useless
one mother 2 months 2 weeks baby
boy
I am the first soul formula and this
the boy in the center of venus the moon and the sun
myself girl i'm talking about see venus
the moon he is all weaving in female years
sensitive store them there i'm mountains here
you are nervous and a little bit right away
cry immediately will be accurately noticed with
someone's husband and he immediately even though I
take it shook it immediately subsides
explained how and hair to bring up his
develop what skills we inculcate
he needs to choose professions only
women's team pillars and what
get off and start not sure about life
or evil will not be so matershinnikov
fighter not to hide anything
his weakness
he is like a man and the whole weave
feminine
even earlier when just a woman
Caesarean section when better
to make